{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red221\green221\blue221;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\f0\fs24 Changelog:\par
\par
v1.2.0.0 v1.2.0:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 New *hot* bosses. Defeat all original six to continue like in any Mega Man game.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Improved diagonal speed... This time for real.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added support for virtual buttons in screeens with aspect ratio different than 16:9 (Android).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added some<3thing.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changed SOMETHING.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changed color palettes to better match those frome the original game. Also changed some textures.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Removed vibration in gamepads (sorry for the issues :c)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
v1.1.0.1 v1.1.0b:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 Fixed fullscreen not working on some Windows versions.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
v1.1.0.0 v1.1.0:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 Gamepad support (only for Windows as far as I could test). It includes smooth movement with joysticks.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Deleted Android virtual d-pad... :(\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added Android virtual joystick! :3\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Screenshots can be taken by pressing f2.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Now you can change between fullscreen, a 480x270 window, a 960x540 window and a 1340x810 window by pressing f5.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changed how almost everything works just for optimization and to make the game more similar to MegaMan (1). There are big changes all over the game. These are the most important:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Removed opening screen and changed title and stage select screens just to match the original first MegaMan for NES. They will return soon ;).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Controls now show up after title screen and before select screen.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Tweaked stars speed and spawnrate.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Enhanced controls. Now you don't have to choose between using arrows or "wasd" at the titlescreen.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Improved diagonal movement. Now you don't move x pixels right and x pixels up when pressing up and right (for example) but sin(45) x pixels right and sin(45) x pixels up. Thanks, Mathematics.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Imrpoved autofire by a little bit.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Now you can select stage by taping on the enemy you wanna fight. Only for android.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Changed SOMETHING.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Tweacked a lot of values (speed, health, damage and power ammo...) for balance. Almost everything has slightly changed.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Enhanced the way you change weapons by A LOT. Old HUD: it was nice to meet you. Now, goodbye. By the way, you looked awful. :).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Pressing O and P (L and R on android, both shoulders in a gamepad) at the same time transform you back into the default megaship anytime.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Tweacked some texts.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab A lot more changes that shouldn't be appreciable.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
v1.0.3.1 v1.0.3c:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 Fixed: ending screen looking bad.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed: problem with PC controls.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
v1.0.3b (android only):\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 Fixed: now you can play even if the resolution of your device isn't 1920*1080. Sorry about that.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Improved controlls.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
v1.0.3.0 v1.0.3:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 First version that works on Android!\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Improvements all over the game's code.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changed the title logo a little bit so it bounces in a better way.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
v1.0.2.1:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 Reduced the size of the game significantly. Sorry about the last update's size.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed: the crono now resets when you reset the game.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
v1.0.2.0:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 Added SOMETHING MORE.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added EVEN MORE SOMETHING.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changed SOMETHING.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed: Elecman could get stacked on walls. Now he can't.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}v1.0.1.0:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 Fixed: being killed while shooting Fireman's weapon no longer crashes the game.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changes on Elecman:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Reduced the time he paralizes you.\tab\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changes on Cutman's weapon:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Now it has more ammo.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab It deals more damage to elecman.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Reduced the maximun number of them in the screen at once.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changes on Bombman's weapon:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab The bomb is slower now.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}For some reason, Cutman's hp was 27.5 instead of 27 (which is the hp every boss has). Fixed.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}v1.0.0.0:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 Changed the controlls sprite.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Small improvements.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added SOMETHING.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed: Picking an energyorb while shooting fire doesn't crash the game anymore.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed: Using Iceman's weapond does no longer break the auto fire.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed: Now you can't change weapons while shooting with Iceman's weapon.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changed the icon (maybe it looks better now?).\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
v0.1.5.0:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 Now you can actually progress in the game. When you defeat a boss, it's gone.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added an ending screen.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Added a timer. It starts when you first enter the select menu and it stops when you collect the last energyorb.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Weapons. Now you can take the enemy's attack and use it as yours. To change weapon, you can use numbers (1-7) or press O and P.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changed the miniship sprite.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The movement while slowed looks better when getting closer to the walls.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The exiting object has been moved to the top right corner.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changed Cutman's select animation.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Improvements on the code of the game.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 v0.1.4.0:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}When you collide with a projectile while in your invencibillity frames the projectile does not dissapear.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Better performance in long gameplay sessions.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changes on Gutsman:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab The mini rocks now move slower but the direction they follow is a little bit random.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Tweacks on his health.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changes on Cutsman:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Changed his main attack. The direction is a little bit curvend and it goes back to him.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Tweacks on his health and damage.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changes on Elecman:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab He now changes direction faster when his shield is charged.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab New attack. He can shoot now.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab He can paralize you with his new attack and with his shield.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Tweacks on his health damage.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
v0.1.3.0:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 Changed the color of the background so black objects can be seen better.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}When you get hit there is a period of time in which you can't shoot.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changes on Fireman:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab He has a new attack. This one is possible to dodge.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab He moves slower while he does his old attack.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Tweaks on his damage and health.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changes on Iceman:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab He shoots three projectiles each time he attacks instead of one.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Tweacks on his damage, speed and health.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Changes on Bombman:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab He has a new attack. This one is very common and fast.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab The old big bomb is faser and the explosion is bigger than before.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\tab Tweacks on his damage and health.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
v0.1.2.0:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 You can now either control the game with "wasd" or the direction keys. Simply select your favourite mode in the title screen.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Loosing sends you to the select screen now (instead of resetting the battle).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Reduced the size of the game.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed: being killed didn't make all sounds stop.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed: you can no longer make Fireman stop by colliding with him.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
v0.1.1.0:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 Press F5 to switch between full screen and windowed.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fixed: Fireman's fire now disappears when Fireman dies.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Better performance in long gameplay sessions.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
v0.1.0.0:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-200\li200 First version of the game.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
}
 